Adding new cluster search setting docs (#8180)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _install-and-configure/configuring-opensearch/search-settings.md

- `search.dynamic_pruning.cardinality_aggregation.max_allowed_cardinality` (Dynamic, integer): Determines the threshold for applying dynamic pruning in cardinality aggregation. If a field’s cardinality exceeds this threshold, the aggregation reverts to the default method. This is an experimental feature and may change or be removed in future versions.

> - `search.keyword_index_or_doc_values_enabled` (Dynamic, Boolean): Determined whether to use `IndexOrDocValuesQuery` when running `MultiTermQueries` on `Keyword` fields. Default value is `false`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `search.keyword_index_or_doc_values_enabled` (Dynamic, Boolean): Determines whether to use `IndexOrDocValuesQuery` when running `multi_term` queries on `keyword` fields. Default value is `false`.
```
